WIP: docs: Specify ranked match flow (#14)
phaux/game-api: docs/decisions/README.markdown

# Decisions

> This directory contains decision records for `github.com/phaux/game-api`.

Reviewer: This is only a temporary name

```suggestion
This directory contains decision records for this monorepo.
```

Author: Would _this project_ also be OK?

Author: Done.
